- [Kevin] Thanks for watching this course,
on migrating beyond Java eight.
In the course, I've provided you with strategies
for transitioning your Java based applications,
to new versions of the language
that contain better features, security and performance.
Before we wrap up the course,
I want to provide you with some recommendations
for what to explore next,
and give you some information
about my other courses.
The new Java release cadence,
makes it an exciting time
to be a Java developer,
since we'll be seeing new features
delivered every six months.
I would recommend setting aside some time,
to read up on each new release,
and to discover its new features or any potential changes
that may impact your applications in the future.
If you are really interested in a new feature,
you can always download the latest JDK,
and do some evaluation.
The LinkedIn learning platform,
typically provides first look classes
for each new Java release,
that you can use to stay up to date.
If you liked my teaching style,
I have a few other courses
on the LinkedIn learning platform,
that might interest you.
Git for teams is a course I built
that deliver strategies for teams using Git.
These strategies can make your team's development
much more fluid, as you collaborate with the tool.
Building API's with swagger,
covers a design first approach
to creating API's with the open API specification.
Java EE eight Essential Training,
covers 13 of the most widely used Java EE API's
and gives you a rock solid foundation
for building java web applications.
Spring batch can provide you
with a proven architecture,
to construct complex batch jobs
that run on the JVM using spring.
So that about wraps things up.
Congratulations, on finishing this course,
and thanks again for taking it.
Now, put your skills to work,
and best of luck
migrating beyond Java eight.